content/pages/about.md, before:

+++
title = "About me"
+++

Hi! I am Frederic Gingras.

A web developer who values less code, quality software and good design. I am not
fanboy of any specific tool or language but more of the right tool for the job
and being able to ship quickly.

I currently live in Montreal, Canada but am often seen travelling in Europe.
Working mostly remotely as a [consultant](http://atriumph.com).

-----

I have an ever-growing passion for programming (especially the web) all the
learning possibilities around it since I was 15 years old. I am self-taught
and can't stop learning new things, trying out new technologies, databases,
languages, libraries, etc.

I pride myself in being a well-rounded T-shape person doing mostly **back-end** work
and still be knowledgeable in front-end development, systems administration,
systems programming, minimal designer and database architect.

-----

I currently do contract work as [Atriumph](https://www.atriumph.com) helping
software companies and startups create great applications people love to use.

Previously, (November 2014 - June 2015) I worked at a fairly large startup called
__Busbud__ as a back-end developer. Over there I wore a few hats working on
diverse projects mostly api work, some front-ends for internal tools and being
the go-to operations guys managing AWS with Ansible & Terraform.

Previously, (September 2011 - September 2014) I worked for a small web-agency
named [Ankedotes Communication](http://anekdotes.com/) as a web-developper
shipping custom built e-commerces and creating an in house framework and modules.

-----

**I often use:**

- Node.js
- Go
- Ruby
- PostgreSQL, MongoDB & Redis
- Angular.js, React.js /w Redux
- AWS, Ansible & Terraform /w FreeBSD or Ubuntu

**I am learning:**:

- Chicken Scheme
- Clojure
- C

**In the past I did:**

- PHP
- Java
- C# ASP.NET & ASP Classic (VB)
- Hack lang (from Facebook)
- Scala
- Microsoft SQL Server & MySQL

---

You can find me here:

- [Github](http://github.com/kiasaki)
- [Twitter](http://twitter.com/fredericgingras)
- [Keybase.io](https://keybase.io/kiasaki)
- [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/fredericgingras/)
- [Facebook](http://facebook.com/fredericagingras)
- [Email me](mailto:frederic@gingras.cc)
- [Codeschool](http://codeschool.com/users/kiasaki)

Commit message:

Update about page with new work

content/pages/about.md, after:

+++
title = "About me"
+++

Hi! I am Frederic Gingras.

A web developer who values less code, quality software and good design. I am not
fanboy of any specific tool or language but more of the right tool for the job
and being able to ship quickly.

I currently live in Montreal, Canada but am often seen travelling in Europe.
Working as a developer in Montreal's Mile-End neighbourhood or remotely when
on the road.

-----

I have an ever-growing passion for programming (especially the web) all the
learning possibilities around it since I was 15 years old. I am self-taught
and can't stop learning new things, trying out new technologies, databases,
languages, libraries, etc.

I pride myself in being a well-rounded T-shape person doing mostly **back-end** work
and still be knowledgeable in front-end development, systems administration,
systems programming, minimal designer and database architect.

-----

_I currently_ work at **Plot.ly** as front-end developer coding and maintaining a
React.js and Redux codebase. I also do some DevOps here and there using Ansible
to manage an AWS fleet of instances and coding in house tooling in Go to help
the whole team develop, test and deploy faster and with more confidence.

_Previously, (June 2015 - February 2016)_ I did contract work as [Atriumph](https://www.atriumph.com)
helping software companies and startups create great applications people love
to use.

_Previously, (November 2014 - June 2015)_ I worked at a fairly large startup called
**Busbud** as a back-end developer. Over there I wore a few hats working on
diverse projects mostly api work, some front-ends for internal tools and being
the go-to operations guys managing AWS with Ansible & Terraform.

_Previously, (September 2011 - September 2014)_ I worked for a small web-agency
named [Ankedotes Communication](http://anekdotes.com/) as a web-developper
shipping custom built e-commerces and creating an in house framework and modules.

-----

**I often use:**

- React.js /w Redux
- Go
- Node.js
- PostgreSQL, Redis
- AWS, Ansible, Terraform and Docker /w FreeBSD, Ubuntu or Alpine

**I am learning:**:

- Chicken Scheme
- Clojure
- C

**In the past I did:**

- PHP
- Ruby
- Java
- C# ASP.NET & ASP Classic (VB)
- Hack lang (from Facebook)
- Scala
- Angular.js / Backbone.js / Knockout.js / Mithril.js / Riot.js
- Microsoft SQL Server & MySQL & MongoDB

---

You can find me here:

- [Github](http://github.com/kiasaki)
- [Twitter](http://twitter.com/fredericgingras)
- [Keybase.io](https://keybase.io/kiasaki)
- [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/fredericgingras/)
- [Facebook](http://facebook.com/fredericagingras)
- [Email me](mailto:frederic@gingras.cc)
- [Codeschool](http://codeschool.com/users/kiasaki)
