content/pages/library.md, before:

+++
title = "Frederic's Library"
+++

Here is a list of few books I enjoyed reading the most and highly recommend.
I always love to see a section with favorite books of the author on a blog so
I did the same on mine :D

## In the queue

- **The Clean Coder** A Code of Conduct for Professional Programmers _Robert C. Martin_
- **Start Small, Stay Small** A Developer's Guide to Launching a Startup _Rob Walling_
- **The Miracle Morning** The not-so obvious secret guaranteed to transform your life _Hal Elrod_
- **Confident You** An Introvert's Guide to Success in Life and Business _S.J. Scott_
- **The Hard Thing About Hard Things** Building a Business When There Are No Easy Answers _Ben Horowitz_
- **Good to Great** Why some companies make the leap and others don't _Jim Collins_
- **The 4 Hour Body** An uncommon Guide To Rapid Fat-Loss, Incredible Sex, And Becoming Super Human _Timothy Ferriss_
- **Realm of Racket** Learn to Program, One Game at the Time! _Matthias Felleisen_

## February 2016

- **The Mythical Man Month** Essays on Software Engineering _Frederick P. Brooks, Jr._

## January 2016

- **How to Stop Sucking and Be Awesome Instead** _Jeff Atwood_

## December 2015

- **Clean code** A Handbook of Agile Software Craftsmanship _Robert C. Martin_
- **Effective Programming: More than writing code** Lean Software Development for New and Experienced Coders _Jeff Atwood_

## November 2015

- **Give and Take** A Revolutionary Approach to Success _Adam Grant_

## October 2015

- **How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big** Kind of the Story of My Life _Scott Adams_

## September 2015

- **The Upgrade** A Cautionary Tale of a Life Without Reservations _Paul Carr_

## Before September 2015

- **7 Day Startup** You don't learn until you launch _Dan Norris_
- **Packing Light** The Normal Person's Guide To Carry-On-Only Travel _Fred Perrotta_
- **Learn You a Haskell for Great Good!** A Beginner's Guide _Miran Lipovaca_
- **Essential** Essays by The Minimalists _Joshua Fields Millburn & Ryan Nicodemus_
- **The End of Jobs** Money, Meaning and Freedom Without the 9-to-5 _Taylor Pearson_
- **The Year Without Pants** WordPress.com and the Future of Work _WordPress.com and the Future of Work_
- **I Will Teach You To Be Rich** No Guilt. No Excuses. No BS. Just a 6-weeks program that works. _Ramit Sethi_
- **Life Changes Quick** Travel the world, replace your 9-5 income, get in shape... _Johnny FD_
- **The Bulletproof Diet** _Dave Asprey_
- **The Art Of Non-Conformity** Set your own roles. Live the life you want and change the world. _Chris Guillebeau_
- **Money: Master The Game** 7 simple steps to financial freedom _Tony Robbins_

## Before May 2015

- **Hackers & Painters** Big ideas from the computer age _Paul Graham_
- **The Power of Habit** Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business _Charles Duhigg_
- **The ONE thing** The Surprisingly Simple Truth Behind Extraordinary Results _Gary Keller & Jay Papasan_

## Before 2015

- **Essentialism** The Disciplined Pursuit of Less _Greg McKeown_
- **Zero To One** Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future _Peter Thiel_
- **The Lean Startup** How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses _Eric Ries_
- **The Pragmatic Programmer** From Journeyman to Master _Andrew Hunt & David Thomas_
- **Without Their Permission** How the 21st Century Will Be Made, Not Managed _Alexis Ohanian_
- **Things a Little Bird Told Me** Confessions of the Creative Mind _Biz Stone_
- **The 4-Hour Workweek** Escape 9-5, Live Anywhere, and Join the New Rich _Timothy Ferriss_
- **The Phoenix Project** A Novel about IT, DevOps, and Helping Your Business Win _Gene Kim, Kevin Behr & George Spafford_
- **Talent Is Overrated** What Really Separates World-Class Performers from Everybody Else _Geoff Colvin_
- **Rework** Ignore this book at your own peril _Jason Fried & David Heinemeier Hansson_
- **Remote** Office not required _Jason Fried & David Heinemeier Hansson_
- **Starting and Sustaining** Build and launch a SaaS web app with less pain and fewer mistakes _Garret Dimon_
- **Scrum and XP from the Trenches** How we do scrum _Henrik Kniberg_

## Smaller reads

- **Going Pro** From knowing how to code to professional developer _Cal Evans_
- **Deal with it** Attitude for coders _Gavin Davies_
- **Getting Real** The smarter, faster, easier way to build a successful web application _37 signals_
- **The Roller Coaster Life** A practical guide for entrepreneurs _Chloe Nicholls_
- **The Little Book of Contentment** A guide to becoming happy with life & who you are, while getting things done _Leo Babauta_
- **OWSAP Top 10** The Ten Most Critical Web Application Security Risks _The Open Web Application Security Project_
- **Build APIs You Won't Hate** _Phil Sturgeon_
- **Scaling PHP Applications** _Steve Corona_
- **A Byte of Vim** _Swaroop C H_
- **The Motivation Hacker** _Nick Winter_

Commit message:

Add Clojure for the brave & true to library

content/pages/library.md, after:

+++
title = "Frederic's Library"
+++

Here is a list of few books I enjoyed reading the most and highly recommend.
I always love to see a section with favorite books of the author on a blog so
I did the same on mine :D

## In the queue

- **The Clean Coder** A Code of Conduct for Professional Programmers _Robert C. Martin_
- **Start Small, Stay Small** A Developer's Guide to Launching a Startup _Rob Walling_
- **The Miracle Morning** The not-so obvious secret guaranteed to transform your life _Hal Elrod_
- **Confident You** An Introvert's Guide to Success in Life and Business _S.J. Scott_
- **The Hard Thing About Hard Things** Building a Business When There Are No Easy Answers _Ben Horowitz_
- **Good to Great** Why some companies make the leap and others don't _Jim Collins_
- **The 4 Hour Body** An uncommon Guide To Rapid Fat-Loss, Incredible Sex, And Becoming Super Human _Timothy Ferriss_
- **Realm of Racket** Learn to Program, One Game at the Time! _Matthias Felleisen_

## March 2016

- **Clojure for the Brave and True** Learn the Ultimate Language and Become a Better Programmer _Daniel Higginbotham_

## February 2016

- **The Mythical Man Month** Essays on Software Engineering _Frederick P. Brooks, Jr._

## January 2016

- **How to Stop Sucking and Be Awesome Instead** _Jeff Atwood_

## December 2015

- **Clean code** A Handbook of Agile Software Craftsmanship _Robert C. Martin_
- **Effective Programming: More than writing code** Lean Software Development for New and Experienced Coders _Jeff Atwood_

## November 2015

- **Give and Take** A Revolutionary Approach to Success _Adam Grant_

## October 2015

- **How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big** Kind of the Story of My Life _Scott Adams_

## September 2015

- **The Upgrade** A Cautionary Tale of a Life Without Reservations _Paul Carr_

## Before September 2015

- **7 Day Startup** You don't learn until you launch _Dan Norris_
- **Packing Light** The Normal Person's Guide To Carry-On-Only Travel _Fred Perrotta_
- **Learn You a Haskell for Great Good!** A Beginner's Guide _Miran Lipovaca_
- **Essential** Essays by The Minimalists _Joshua Fields Millburn & Ryan Nicodemus_
- **The End of Jobs** Money, Meaning and Freedom Without the 9-to-5 _Taylor Pearson_
- **The Year Without Pants** WordPress.com and the Future of Work _WordPress.com and the Future of Work_
- **I Will Teach You To Be Rich** No Guilt. No Excuses. No BS. Just a 6-weeks program that works. _Ramit Sethi_
- **Life Changes Quick** Travel the world, replace your 9-5 income, get in shape... _Johnny FD_
- **The Bulletproof Diet** _Dave Asprey_
- **The Art Of Non-Conformity** Set your own roles. Live the life you want and change the world. _Chris Guillebeau_
- **Money: Master The Game** 7 simple steps to financial freedom _Tony Robbins_

## Before May 2015

- **Hackers & Painters** Big ideas from the computer age _Paul Graham_
- **The Power of Habit** Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business _Charles Duhigg_
- **The ONE thing** The Surprisingly Simple Truth Behind Extraordinary Results _Gary Keller & Jay Papasan_

## Before 2015

- **Essentialism** The Disciplined Pursuit of Less _Greg McKeown_
- **Zero To One** Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future _Peter Thiel_
- **The Lean Startup** How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses _Eric Ries_
- **The Pragmatic Programmer** From Journeyman to Master _Andrew Hunt & David Thomas_
- **Without Their Permission** How the 21st Century Will Be Made, Not Managed _Alexis Ohanian_
- **Things a Little Bird Told Me** Confessions of the Creative Mind _Biz Stone_
- **The 4-Hour Workweek** Escape 9-5, Live Anywhere, and Join the New Rich _Timothy Ferriss_
- **The Phoenix Project** A Novel about IT, DevOps, and Helping Your Business Win _Gene Kim, Kevin Behr & George Spafford_
- **Talent Is Overrated** What Really Separates World-Class Performers from Everybody Else _Geoff Colvin_
- **Rework** Ignore this book at your own peril _Jason Fried & David Heinemeier Hansson_
- **Remote** Office not required _Jason Fried & David Heinemeier Hansson_
- **Starting and Sustaining** Build and launch a SaaS web app with less pain and fewer mistakes _Garret Dimon_
- **Scrum and XP from the Trenches** How we do scrum _Henrik Kniberg_

## Smaller reads

- **Going Pro** From knowing how to code to professional developer _Cal Evans_
- **Deal with it** Attitude for coders _Gavin Davies_
- **Getting Real** The smarter, faster, easier way to build a successful web application _37 signals_
- **The Roller Coaster Life** A practical guide for entrepreneurs _Chloe Nicholls_
- **The Little Book of Contentment** A guide to becoming happy with life & who you are, while getting things done _Leo Babauta_
- **OWSAP Top 10** The Ten Most Critical Web Application Security Risks _The Open Web Application Security Project_
- **Build APIs You Won't Hate** _Phil Sturgeon_
- **Scaling PHP Applications** _Steve Corona_
- **A Byte of Vim** _Swaroop C H_
- **The Motivation Hacker** _Nick Winter_
